## Overview

This guide provides a quick walkthrough for installing the Managed Azure Kubernetes service application from the Azure Marketplace.


### Prerequisites
For the application to work as expected. The following resource providers must be registered in your subscription.

!!! warning
    The required resource providers must be registered before you start the installation process. Failing to do so will result in a failed deployment.


1. Go to your subscription in the Azure Portal (the subscription where you plan to deploy the application).
2. Select `Resource providers` under `Settings` in the Menu.
3. Ensure the following providers have the status `Registered`
      - `Microsoft.Monitor`
      - `Microsoft.Dashboard`

### Install the application

1. Visit the application's page on the Azure Marketplace: 
   [Azure Kubernetes by Fortytwo](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/amestofortytwoas1653635920536.kubernetes?tab=Overview).

2. Click on the `Get it now` button to initiate the setup process. Click `Continue` to proceed.

3. Choose the preferred plan and click on the `Create` button to configure the application.

4. Follow the configuration steps provided by the setup wizard. It will guide you through the necessary configurations for your requirements.

5. After completing the configuration, click `Create` and wait for the deployment to finish.

Your application installation is now underway!

### Next step

- [Grant access to the cluster](./2. Grant access to AKS.md)