## Overview
This guide walks you through setting up the CSI Secret Driver for Azure, allowing Kubernetes to use secrets stored in Azure Key Vault using a user-assigned managed identity.

### Prerequisites
- Access to the Key vault
- [Connected to the AKS cluster](./3. Connect to the cluster.md)

### CSI Secret Store Driver configuration

1. **Access Your Key vault**
    - In your managed resource group (eg. `mrg-kubernetes-by-fortytwo-xxxx` if you are using the default values). Locate the Key vault resource type in the resource list and click it. 

2. **Update IAM Settings**
    - Go to Access control (IAM) section of your Key vault and click `+ Add` and `Add role assignment`.
    - Select the `Key Vault Secrets Officer` role and click `Next`.
    - Click the `Select members` button and find your own user in the list.
    - Click `Next` and then `Review + assign` to save the changes.

3. **Add your IP address to the Key vault firewall**
    - Find your own IP address (eg. by using `https://whatismyipaddress.com/`) and copy it to your clipboard.
    - Go to the `Networking` section in the left menu under `Settings`.
    - Under `Firewall` click `+ Add your client IP address`
    - Paste in your IP address in the list and click `Apply` to apply the changes.

4. **Add Secrets to Key vault**
    - Click `Secrets` in the left menu in your Key vault.
    - Click on `+ Generate/Import` to add new secrets.
    - Enter the secret name `secret1` and some random secret value.
    - Click `Create` to save the secret in the Key vault.

5. **Configure Kubernetes to Use Azure Key Vault with User-Assigned Managed Identity**
    - Copy and paste the following code in your terminal, which utilizes a user-assigned managed identity to access your Key vault. Replace `<key-vault-name>`, `<tenant-id>`, and `<client-id>` with your own values.

      ```yaml
      kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
      apiVersion: v1
      kind: Namespace
      metadata:
        name: workloads
      ---
      apiVersion: secrets-store.csi.x-k8s.io/v1
      kind: SecretProviderClass
      metadata:
        name: azure-kvname-user-msi
        namespace: workloads
      spec:
        provider: azure
        parameters:
          usePodIdentity: "false"
          useVMManagedIdentity: "true"
          userAssignedIdentityID: <managed-identity-client-id>   # Replace with the clientID of the managed identity
          keyvaultName: <keyvault-name>                          # Replace with your Key Vault name
          objects:  |
            array:
              - |
                objectName: secret1
                objectType: secret
                objectVersion: ""
          tenantId: <tenant-id>                                  # Replace with your Azure tenant ID
      EOF
      ```

      - **Finding Tenant ID**:
          - In your Key vault, click the "Overview" and look for the "Directory ID" in the "Essentials" section.
      - **Finding Managed Identity**:
          - The managed identity client-id can be found in the Azure portal under the resource type "Managed Identity". Its name typically follows the format `azurekeyvaultsecretsprovider-{cluster-name}`.

### Conclusion
After following these steps, the CSI Secret Driver will be configured in your Kubernetes cluster using Azure Key Vault with a user-assigned managed identity.

### Next steps

- [Configure ArgoCD UI](./5.%20ArgoCD%20UI.md)